[STAT] Update Static Analysis docs (#19940)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/_index.md

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-dupe-keys"
    tag: "no-dupe-keys"
    text: "Avoid duplicate keys in object literals"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-duplicate-case"
    tag: "no-duplicate-case"
    text: "Avoid duplicate case labels"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-empty"
    tag: "no-empty"
    text: "Avoid empty block statements"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-empty-character-class"
    tag: "no-empty-character-class"
    text: "Avoid empty character classes in regular expressions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-empty-pattern"
    tag: "no-empty-pattern"
    text: "Avoid empty destructuring patterns"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-ex-assign"
    tag: "no-ex-assign"
    text: "Avoid reassigning exceptions in catch clauses"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-implied-eval"
    tag: "no-implied-eval"

>     text: "Prevent the use of eval()-like methods"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Prevent the use of methods similar to eval()"
```

    tag: "no-inner-declarations"
    text: "Avoid variable or function declaration in nested blocks"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-iterator"
    tag: "no-iterator"
    text: "Avoid the use of the __iterator__ property"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-loss-of-precision"
    tag: "no-loss-of-precision"
    text: "Avoid numbers that lose precision"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-new-symbol"
    tag: "no-new-symbol"
    text: "Avoid new statements with the Symbol object"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-octal"
    tag: "no-octal"
    text: "Avoid using octal literals to prevent unexpected behavior"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-proto"
    tag: "no-proto"
    text: "Avoid the use of the __proto__ property"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-best-practices/no-script-url"
    tag: "no-script-url"

>     text: "Avoid using javascript in URLs"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid using JavaScript in URLs"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/function-naming"
    tag: "function-naming"
    text: "Function name should use camelCase or PascalCase"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/max-class-lines"
    tag: "max-class-lines"
    text: "Classes must be less than 100 lines"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/max-function-lines"
    tag: "max-function-lines"
    text: "Functions must be less than 200 lines"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/max-params"
    tag: "max-params"
    text: "Enforce a maximum number of parameters in a function"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/method-name"
    tag: "method-name"
    text: "Method name should use camelCase"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/no-array-constructor"
    tag: "no-array-constructor"
    text: "Avoid Array constructors"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-code-style/no-div-regex"
    tag: "no-div-regex"

>     text: "Avoid equal signs explicitly at the beginning of regex"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid equal signs explicitly at the beginning of regular expressions"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/avoid-crypto-sha1"
    tag: "avoid-crypto-sha1"
    text: "Avoid SHA1 security protocol"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/avoid-des"
    tag: "avoid-des"
    text: "Avoid DES and 3DES"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/chmod-permissions"
    tag: "chmod-permissions"
    text: "Do not give 777 permissions to a file"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/command-injection"
    tag: "command-injection"
    text: "Avoid command injection"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/crypto-avoid-weak-hash"
    tag: "crypto-avoid-weak-hash"
    text: "Avoid weak hash algorithm from CryptoJS"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-buffer-noassert"
    tag: "detect-buffer-noassert"
    text: "Avoid calls to 'buffer' with 'noAssert' flag set"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-child-process"
    tag: "detect-child-process"

>     text: "Avoid instances of 'child_process' & non-literal 'exec()'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid instances of 'child_process' and non-literal 'exec()'"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-eval-with-expression"
    tag: "detect-eval-with-expression"
    text: "Avoid `eval` with expressions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-new-buffer"
    tag: "detect-new-buffer"
    text: "Avoid Buffer(argument) with non-literal values"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-non-literal-fs-filename"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-fs-filename"
    text: "Avoid variables in 'fs' calls filename argument"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-non-literal-regexp"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-regexp"

>     text: "RegExp with non-literal values it might allow a DOS attack"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Regular expressions with non-literal values might allow a DOS attack"
```

Reviewer: Could you confirm if this is meant to say `DDOS attack`?

Author: Over the limit of 60 characters. I've updated to `Detects non-literal values in regular expressions`

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detect-non-literal-require"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-require"
    text: "Avoid require with non-literal values"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/detected-jwt-token"
    tag: "detected-jwt-token"
    text: "Detects hardcoded JWT tokens within the codebase."
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/javascript-node-security/hardcoded-hmac-key"
    tag: "hardcoded-hmac-key"

>     text: "Avoid hardcoded hmac keys"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid hardcoded HMAC keys"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-empty"
    tag: "no-empty"
    text: "Avoid empty block statements"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-empty-character-class"
    tag: "no-empty-character-class"
    text: "Avoid empty character classes in regular expressions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-empty-pattern"
    tag: "no-empty-pattern"
    text: "Avoid empty destructuring patterns"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-ex-assign"
    tag: "no-ex-assign"
    text: "Avoid reassigning exceptions in catch clauses"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-explicit-any"
    tag: "no-explicit-any"
    text: "Avoid the any type"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-extra-non-null-assertion"
    tag: "no-extra-non-null-assertion"
    text: "Avoid extra non-null assertions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-best-practices/no-implied-eval"
    tag: "no-implied-eval"

>     text: "Prevent the use of eval()-like methods"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Prevent the use methods similar to eval()"
```

typescript_code_style_data:
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/array-type"
    tag: "array-type"
    text: "Require consistently using either T[] or Array<T> for arrays"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/assignment-name"
    tag: "assignment-name"
    text: "Assigment name should use camelCase"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/ban-ts-comment"
    tag: "ban-ts-comment"
    text: "Avoid @ts-<directive> comments"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/ban-tslint-comment"
    tag: "ban-tslint-comment"
    text: "Avoid using TSLint comments"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/class-name"
    tag: "class-name"
    text: "Class name should be PascalCase"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/eqeqeq"
    tag: "eqeqeq"
    text: "Enforce the use of === and !=="
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/func-name-matching"
    tag: "func-name-matching"

>     text: "Function names must match the name of the assignation."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Function names must match the name of the assignation"
```

    tag: "max-params"
    text: "Enforce a maximum number of parameters in a function"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/method-name"
    tag: "method-name"
    text: "Method name should use camelCase"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-array-constructor"
    tag: "no-array-constructor"
    text: "Avoid Array constructors"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-confusing-non-null-assertion"
    tag: "no-confusing-non-null-assertion"
    text: "Avoid non-null assertion in confusing locations"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-div-regex"
    tag: "no-div-regex"
    text: "Avoid equal signs explicitly at the beginning of regex"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-duplicate-imports"
    tag: "no-duplicate-imports"
    text: "Avoid duplicate module imports"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-empty-interface"
    tag: "no-empty-interface"

>     text: "Avoid the declaration of empty interfaces."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid the declaration of empty interfaces"
```

    tag: "no-multi-assign"
    text: "Avoid the use of chained assignment expressions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-new"
    tag: "no-new"
    text: "Avoid new operators outside of assignments or comparisons"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-new-func"
    tag: "no-new-func"
    text: "Avoid new operators with the Function object"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-new-object"
    tag: "no-new-object"
    text: "Avoid Object constructors"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-return-assign"
    tag: "no-return-assign"
    text: "Avoid assignment operators in return statements"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-self-compare"
    tag: "no-self-compare"
    text: "Avoid comparisons where both sides are exactly the same"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-code-style/no-useless-empty-export"
    tag: "no-useless-empty-export"

>     text: "Avoid empty exports that don't change anything."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid empty exports that don't change anything"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/avoid-crypto-sha1"
    tag: "avoid-crypto-sha1"
    text: "Avoid SHA1 security protocol"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/avoid-des"
    tag: "avoid-des"
    text: "Avoid DES and 3DES"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/chmod-permissions"
    tag: "chmod-permissions"
    text: "Do not give 777 permissions to a file"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/command-injection"
    tag: "command-injection"
    text: "Avoid command injection"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/crypto-avoid-weak-hash"
    tag: "crypto-avoid-weak-hash"
    text: "Avoid weak hash algorithm from CryptoJS"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-buffer-noassert"
    tag: "detect-buffer-noassert"
    text: "Avoid calls to 'buffer' with 'noAssert' flag set"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-child-process"
    tag: "detect-child-process"

>     text: "Avoid instances of 'child_process' & non-literal 'exec()'"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Avoid instances of 'child_process' and non-literal 'exec()'"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-eval-with-expression"
    tag: "detect-eval-with-expression"
    text: "Avoid `eval` with expressions"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-new-buffer"
    tag: "detect-new-buffer"
    text: "Avoid Buffer(argument) with non-literal values"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-non-literal-fs-filename"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-fs-filename"
    text: "Avoid variables in 'fs' calls filename argument"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-non-literal-regexp"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-regexp"

>     text: "RegExp with non-literal values it might allow a DOS attack"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Regular expressions with non-literal values might allow a DOS attack"
```

Author: Same.

Over the limit of 60 characters. I've updated to `Detects non-literal values in regular expressions`

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detect-non-literal-require"
    tag: "detect-non-literal-require"
    text: "Avoid require with non-literal values"
  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/detected-jwt-token"
    tag: "detected-jwt-token"

>     text: "Detects hardcoded JWT tokens within the codebase."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Detects hardcoded JWT tokens within the codebase"
```

  - link: "/continuous_integration/static_analysis/rules/typescript-node-security/hardcoded-hmac-key"
    tag: "hardcoded-hmac-key"

>     text: "Detects hardcoded hmac keys"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    text: "Detects hardcoded HMAC keys"
```

Datadog Static Analysis provides out-of-the-box rules to help detect violations in your CI/CD pipelines in code reviews and identify bugs, security, and maintainability issues. For more information, see the [Static Analysis documentation][1].

> ## Docker Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Docker rules
```

### Follow best practices with using Docker

**Ruleset ID:** `docker-best-practices`

Best practices for using Docker.

{{< sa-rule-list "docker_best_practices_data" >}}

<br>

> ## JavaScript Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## JavaScript rules
```

{{< sa-rule-list "javascript_code_style_data" >}}

<br>

### Common security rules for JavaScript

**Ruleset ID:** `javascript-common-security`

Rules focused on finding security issues in your JavaScript code.

{{< sa-rule-list "javascript_common_security_data" >}}

<br>

### Check for Express.js best practices and security

**Ruleset ID:** `javascript-express`

Rules specifically for Express.js best practices and security.

{{< sa-rule-list "javascript_express_data" >}}

<br>

### Check Python code for wording issues

**Ruleset ID:** `javascript-inclusive`

Rules for Python to avoid inappropriate wording in the code and comments.

{{< sa-rule-list "javascript_inclusive_data" >}}

<br>

### Identify potential security hotspots in Node

**Ruleset ID:** `javascript-node-security`

Rules to identify potential security hotspots in Node. This may include false positives that require further triage.

{{< sa-rule-list "javascript_node_security_data" >}}

<br>

### React specific linting rules for stella

**Ruleset ID:** `jsx-react`

This plugin exports a `recommended` configuration that enforces React good practices.

{{< sa-rule-list "jsx_react_data" >}}

<br>

> ## Python Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Python rules
```

<br>

> ## TypeScript Rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TypeScript rules
```
